let's move a moment early in
the 70s
the powerful space invaders that until the
moment was the master and lord of the
recreational roads would yield its place to
a very particular and fun game
pacman was launched on May 21 , 1980
becoming a success almost of
immediate success that took him to all
corners of the world one of those places
it was us where it would also be a whole
success although it's from here where
an interesting detail would happen
and
although the original game was the one that everything
the world requested there was also a
alternative version called crazy vote
it grew everything was created by the company
called general computer corporation the
which basically took games and created
improved hacks by throwing them under others
names in the case that concerns us grace and
another represented an evolution with
regarding batman the character instead
of having only the movement of the mouth
he also moved his feet so obviously
is not more visually fun besides
presented different game screens
instead of just one as did the
original version all these changes
they made obviously the unofficial clone
of batman was much more fun than
the batman himself for what he brought
economic losses to the company midway
who was in charge of taking the game
to America
the solution to the conflict would come with a
agreement between the two parties modifying
the characters so that if you could
play with pacman's girlfriend and changing
the title we all know my
batman
despite the success now with the company
creator of the original pacman did not see with
good eyes to the new protagonist of
his franchise presea so he started
a legal contest between the company
Japanese and the North American only
means that months bachman despite
of his curious story has a great
merit since she is the first
female protagonist of video game
some for what this story was
necessary to do that that's all for now
Greetings to all and see you for the
production